# Intermx
Intermx is a widespread data provider working to provide predictive data dashboards that will drive sales and insights for advertisers and the tourism industry. They have hundreds of thousands of data points and demographics and we provide them with the tools to use it effectively, building them various reports and data dashboards that drives their data. Their assets and needs are constantly growing and changing and we work closely their other development teams and designers, dreaming up new features and iterating upon those with Intermx.

- Features written to integrate with their existing codebase
	- Designs were shared from their existing ui and the application was written in the same language and version as other existing code.
	- Shared component library has been developed between our two teams to share code and features more easily.
- Custom reports and pages, tailored for each client's needs
	- url sharing capabilities and custom pages provide Intermx everything they need to provide their clients with tailored reports for any occassion
- Daily and hourly breakdowns of travel data by neighborhood, zip code, dma, cbsa, or state.
- Billboard and point of interest data for thousands of points with viewshed and data collection points all shown on a map.

# Spectra Stacker
[spectrastacker client name] is a [job title] who deals with a lot of data about the contents of the ground and air when drilling for oil and natural gas. Spectra Stacker is a tool created for [clientname] that allows their teams to quickly input and analyze this data, taking raw data and transforming it into collaborative, editable charts and annotations.

- Import LAS data and plot it in configurable charts
	- quickly import data and show it in a meaningful way to your team.
	- the charts are completely customizable, we'll provide you with defaults, but you can decide what's important to you.
- manage multiple projects with read/write access
	- control who can make changes to your data and who can just look.
	- invite multiple collaborators on projects
	- annotate charts with collaborators in realtime
- configurable import and export of data
	- export to readable LAS or full LAS data
	- export charts to PDF to share with ease

# XCF
JFS is a local accounting firm based in Grand Junction who service a variety of clients across the valley, providing financial insights and [] to businesses small and large. The XtremeCashFlow tool was designed by JFS for JFS, tailored to their needs every step of the way. This tool allows JFS to import financial data from various sources such as Quickbooks and Xero to create predictions and strategies for your business moving forward.

- Import data manually, or from Quickbooks Desktop, Quickbooks Online, or Xero
	- allows clients to keep their existing accounting tools
- Save predicted income and expense changes and overlay them quickly

# CAIC - mobile
- receive updating information about colorado's mountain range groups throughout the year
	- not only do the forecasts and warnings change, but the displayed mountain ranges change as the reporters see fit.
- View a map with danger reports for mountain ranges in colorado
- See avalanche reports with descriptions and warnings for your area
	- released twice daily during the snow season
- See daily weather reports in each mountain range throughout the year
- Report observed avalanches directly from the app with location and photo data
- 0% crash rate in ??? monthly users
- ??? avalanches reported from app?!?!

# CAIC - web
- provided with a quick prototype to iterate with the client
- Integrate with multiple data sources to see any observed avalanche from disparate sources all shown in one place
- Discretely log in to access hidden features only available to avalanche reporters
- Crossfilterability that allows more flexability to the users and the reporters when looking for specific data
- Standalone app created to integrate with their existing site and themes


# EUREKA!
- A full stack solution to all their needs
	- easier integration for client content (wagtail)
- 15k+ camp spots filled
- over $1.2mil generated by camps
- over 400,000 learning hours
- 70k+ worker hours logged
- 9,700 volunteer hours logged
- 